Add FAQs on CoreDNS in kubernetes (#108)
coredns/deployment: kubernetes/FAQs.md

## Introduction

From Kubernetes v1.13, CoreDNS is the recommended default DNS server in Kubernetes. 

> As more and more users are deploying and using CoreDNS is their Kubernetes cluster, there are a number of FAQs asked by users having trouble setting up CoreDNS, or maintaining CoreDNS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As more and more users are deploying and using CoreDNS is their Kubernetes cluster, there are a number of FAQs from users having trouble setting up or maintaining CoreDNS. 
```

- [Using CoreDNS for Service Discovery](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/coredns/)
- [Debugging DNS Resolution](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/dns-debugging-resolution/)
- [Troubleshooting kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/independent/troubleshooting-kubeadm/)
- [DNS Specifications for Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/dns/blob/master/docs/specification.md)
- [CoreDNS Kubernetes plugin documentation](https://coredns.io/plugins/kubernetes/)

## Pre-requisites before troubleshooting

It is important to check whether the Kubernetes Network is stable before starting to troubleshoot DNS. It may appear like DNS isn't functioning when there is a network issue in the Kubernetes cluster. 
In other words, an issue like "DNS does not work properly" has often its root cause as "Network is not working properly".

Hence, if you're confident that the network is stable and DNS still doesn't work, this FAQ document is applicable. 

## Known Issues

### Some Prometheus data is missing after reload

In CoreDNS v1.2.2 that is provided with K8s v1.12, after editing the ConfigMap,
CoreDNS will automatically "reload" its configuration file.

> he reload causes some metrics on the Prometheus interface to be missing.

Reviewer 2: s/^he/The/

> The reload causes some metrics on the Prometheus interface to be missing.

Author: I tried to follow open/closed issues and it seems like this had been fixed at some point.
@fturib can you confirm this?

> The reload causes some metrics on the Prometheus interface to be missing.

Reviewer: This is the only thing we list as a known issue?
Should we list all bugs that were in k8s released CoreDNS versions?
Or instead, just stick to frequently asked questions.

> The reload causes some metrics on the Prometheus interface to be missing.

Author: I feel it is better to remove this section. 
If we have enough 'solved and unsolved' know issues, we can make it a separate doc, @fturib?

> The reload causes some metrics on the Prometheus interface to be missing.

Reviewer: > Should we list all bugs that were in k8s released CoreDNS versions?

IMO, this would take a very long time to compile.  We should probably remove this section.

If people have frequently asked "why are metrics not working"... and this was the reason, then we can phrase this as FAQ... but I dont recall it's something that got asked about...

> The reload causes some metrics on the Prometheus interface to be missing.

Reviewer 3: ok to remove.

## Frequently Asked Questions

#### FAQ-1 : Why am I unable to get an answer to the DNS queries when I'm using ```busybox``` to test?

> Busybox has a [known bug](https://github.com/docker-library/busybox/issues/48) and therefore does not work while using for testing DNS queries in Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: s/does not work while using for testing/does not work for testing/

The workaround for this is to ensure that the image of Busybox is lower or equal to 1.28.4
See: [dns can't resolve kubernetes.default and/or cluster.local](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/66924#issuecomment-411804435) for more details.

#### FAQ-2 : Why isn't the `autopath` plugin in the default configuration?

Autopath requires  that the option `pods verified` is set in Kubernetes's plugin configuration. The `pods verified` takes up significantly more memory. Please look into the [documentation](https://github.com/coredns/coredns/tree/master/plugin/kubernetes#autopath) for more details.

#### FAQ-3 : How do I test the DNS service?

> There are two definite ways to test this: 

Reviewer: Perhaps mention that the important thing is that you are testing dns resolution from a Pod, not from one of the nodes.  Two examples of doing this are to use a dnstools pod, or to use the busybox pod.

- Run a pod with Busybox, as described in [Debugging DNS Resolution](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/dns-debugging-resolution/)

> - Run a DNS tools dedication pod using the following command:

Reviewer 2: s/dedication/dedicated/

```
kubectl run -it --rm --restart=Never --image=infoblox/dnstools:latest dnstools
```

After the pod is started and you get the console propmt, you can run one of those commands:

```

> # nslookup kubernetes.default

Reviewer: I have been steering people away from `nslookup` lately. With its default settings it acts a bit strangely IMO (e.g. AAAA fallback).

```
or
```

> # dig kubernetes.default A

Reviewer: This wont work, because `dig` does not use the search domains by default, you need to add ...

```suggestion
# dig kubernetes.default A +search
```

We should test each command we provide in this doc to make sure they work, and are without typos, etc... Just to be thorough

```

#### FAQ-4 : How do I rollback to kube-dns? I am using kubeadm tool to install the Kubernetes cluster.

The following command will reapply your cluster with existing settings but will replace CoreDNS with kube-dns.

```
kubeadm upgrade apply <current-installed-version> --feature-gates CoreDNS=false --force
```

Warning, although this command is correct, it may not work because of ongoing issues in kubeadm.

> #### FAQ-5 : Why is my CoreDNS pod in `CrashLoopBackoff` state?

Author: @chrisohaver I have added a question on the `crashloopbackoff`. Is there anything to be improved upon?

Reviewer: kubeadm has a section on this too... i think it has a couple of other possible reasons.  selinux was one was one i think.  We should copy that here.

When installing a Kubernetes cluster on Ubuntu, when the /etc/resolv.conf file contains a localhost resolver, there are chances that CoreDNS is stuck in a loop. 
This will be detected by the `loop` plugin and will show in the logs.

> If the logs show that there is a loop detected and the /etc/resolv.conf file contains, eg. 127.0.0.53 or similar, ensure to cleanup your /etc/resolv.conf. 

Reviewer 2: s/ensure to cleanup/you need to clean up/

This document aims to maintain a collection of the most frequently asked questions by users during the support provided to users having trouble with the DNS Service after installation or upgrade of their Kubernetes cluster.

## Useful links about CoreDNS for Kubernetes:

- [Using CoreDNS for Service Discovery](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/coredns/)
- [Debugging DNS Resolution](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/dns-debugging-resolution/)
- [Troubleshooting kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/independent/troubleshooting-kubeadm/)
- [DNS Specifications for Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/dns/blob/master/docs/specification.md)
- [CoreDNS Kubernetes plugin documentation](https://coredns.io/plugins/kubernetes/)

## Pre-requisites before troubleshooting

It is important to check whether the Kubernetes Network is stable before starting to troubleshoot DNS. It may appear like DNS isn't functioning when there is a network issue in the Kubernetes cluster. 
In other words, an issue like "DNS does not work properly" has often its root cause as "Network is not working properly".

> Hence, iff you're confident that the network is stable and DNS still doesn't work, this FAQ document is applicable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, if you're confident that the network is stable and DNS still doesn't work, this FAQ document is applicable. 
```
